Digital Twin Manager 1025.4.0 Changelogs for Microservice 1025.4.0 (#4696)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-4-0-new-endpoint-to-get-direct-sub-assets-for-an-asset-identified-by-its-external-id.md

---
date: ""

> title: "New endpoint to get direct sub-assets for an asset identified by its external ID"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "New endpoint to get direct subassets for an asset identified by its external ID"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2900"
version: "1025.4.0"
---

> The Digital Twin microservice now includes a new endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dtm microservice now includes a new endpoint
```

`/assets/externalIds/{externalId}/subAssets` that allows you to fetch

> direct sub-assets using an asset's external ID. Previously, you could

Reviewer: ```suggestion
direct subassets using an asset's external ID. Previously, you could
```

> only retrieve sub-assets by using the asset's ID, which required an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only retrieve subassets by using the asset's ID, which required an
```

additional lookup step if you were working with external identifiers.
This new endpoint streamlines workflows by enabling direct queries based
on external IDs, eliminating the need for intermediate ID resolution.

With this addition, applications and integrations that manage assets

> through external identifiers can now access sub-asset hierarchies more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through external identifiers can now access subasset hierarchies more
```
